um so welcome to the community weekly
community sync up Michael is on vacation
and Terry is sick sick but still helping
us out things so we're going to keep the
meeting short arm or agenda is pretty
short and I believe Terry are you going
to put your agenda in the youtube
comment section okay um and if it's even
if it's not in the YouTube comments
section will we have the notes and I'll
have the link to the notes in the
YouTube video so if you're really
curious about what we've done you can
just like me through them I think I'll
be a best way of going about it
so what we will do is I will actually
talk about some of the things that I've
been working on um what I can block what
um I can block going and what's next for
one I am currently working on a
spritebot so you might have noticed that
the ipfs community many of us have
weekly or bike weekly community calls so
we're just look so we're coming up with
a way to make it a bit more convenient
for us to set up and to announce these
calls and so that's what I've been
working on and this week I'm working on
automating the github process and
getting it so that the groups that take
notes on Google Docs will be easier for
them to put in a PR I let's see
I am blocked on so we're trying to
figure so different teams use different
tools some teams use Google Docs other
teams are using crypto pads so I will
have to figure out later on how I can
take crypto pad and record those notes
in a way that is us
listen so that we're not going and
clicking on different menus and windows
and such so that's taking a couple of
steps out of the process one of the
reasons why I want to bring this up is
because it is and it just is going to be
open sourced so if you have team
meetings and if you're looking for
something if you have calls on a weekly
basis and you're looking for something
to automate some of these things
I suppose processes then when I'm
finished I can show you a link and so
you can also look at it let's see next
week I'll be continued working on the
sprint box working on PR automation
announcement automation and I would be
here programming with Michael on
removing the ready event from the Jas
ipfs API so that is what I will be I
will be working on and in terms of
agenda we are khadiyah is currently
assigned as our representative of the
our working group Molly was our
representative last quarter but this
quarter we have a new representative and
and that is it um Terri would you like
me to announce some of your done block
next you can just put thumbs off or okay
yay thumbs up so whatever he's done this
is pretty exciting she's added new
chapter to the proto school site and
next week he is launching
proto school officially so be officially
launched you can like use it and tell
all your friends and not only tell all
your friends tell all your friends that
actually create proto school meetup so
more people can learn about ipfs and the
wonders of what we're working on in
distributed tech some of the things that
she's been working on as I fixed
responsive navbar once again the law
on Monday and we all as a community
we're all very excited about proto
school and so please just like spread
the word those are all the announcements
that we have we can if you have any
questions you can like tell us your
questions and some of the concerns that
you might have well hey I guess I might
say a little something actually so thank
you so much for letting me be here again
I was actually talking with Jim a little
bit earlier and doing a little bit of
work on I think the very first outside
instance of a proto school community
starting up here in Denver and so I
might be jumping the gun a little bit on
you Terry I'm doing a meet-up actually
tomorrow centered around just generally
getting the drum going here so I think
I'll demo what our pre-alpha even proto
school is and I'm putting the other
little slide deck so if you guys have
comments actually put out an issue for
the meetup itself but specifically
around any content you think is great
for entry-level people who are just
interested in decentralized tech in
general right now I'm temple or
templating a a brief presentation based
on something that Juan did I think back
in 2016 that's very long and in depth so
I'm stripping that down looks very much
more similar to the I think the the
first lesson that you have up there
Terry on proto school so I think that's
notionally the plan and on did do a
shout out to Jim as well for we talked a
little bit while about some of the stuff
he's doing with pier pad so hopefully we
can get all the way from zero to talking
about what sea BRTS are unlike give us
that's that's that's the goal if we can
get there that'd be awesome list this
Friday awesome um are you going to walk
through the tutorials in the meetup I'm
just basically reading what's in a chat
yeah yeah so um I think that the
notionally the plan is to give just a
brief overview
and then let everyone play so it's gonna
be more that I I've walked through these
so I have an idea of what might be going
wrong but to let everybody just as they
would naturally go through these
tutorials and hopefully I'll encourage
people to put up issues on the
repository as well itself if they're
running into stuff so again it's a way
to try and bring in and retain everybody
hand in what proto's pulls up to okay
that's a great Jim do you have any
announcements or questions just several
small things I'm really excited about
you getting that changed GSI PFS because
that thing is hounding me like that
little about think messages the I'm
going to be talking with some of the
folks at Moxie studio in Portugal
next week Marco Andre and Philippe but
they're gonna they want to set up a
protocol chapter in Porto Portugal so so
and I'm sort of thinking about maybe I'm
gonna just look around maybe over see if
there's any interest in it here so I
might we might be able to get several
chapters going all at once so that's
sort of exciting I haven't really dug
into what to put a school code yet in
terms of figuring out how maybe they can
hook in some tutorials and also for for
team meeting notes the the project that
I'm in charge of or the lead maintainer
on is a peer Pat and that was always
intended to be the tool for internal
note-taking so maybe we can have some
offline discussion about maybe we can
integrate these things together yeah
that's something we had in mind and I
would like to talk to you even I would
like to talk to you an offline about
peer pad and the possibility of us like
using it in our spring BOTS because
that's definitely a bit of discussions
okay yeah excellent
um so
if that sounds like that's it thank you
everyone for attending and we'll see you
next week so have a good weekend
dan I'm really interested about your
first proto school meetup and please
just tell us all about it and if you
have any questions you can always like
send it to our way and github issues so
everyone next week take care bye guys
thank you